hello darkness my old friend
I've come to talk with you again listen
everybody I want you all to be quiet
I've got Vince College yearbook here and
I just want to read you some of the
wonderful things about Ben hey there's
the award-winning scholar very proud of
you Ben how are you track star
what are you going to do now I was going
to go upstairs for a minute I meant with
your future you'll live well that's a
little hard to say because a vision
softly creeping left its seeds while
you're trying to seduce me
aren't you have you got missile room yet
I have it no do you want - I'll get
undressed now is that Alright sure shall
right I mean shall I just stand here I
mean I don't know what you want me to do
why don't you watch oh sure thank you
mrs. Robinson do you think we could say
a few words to each other first this
time I don't think we have much to say
to each other
Benjamin are you having an affair with
someone oh I do think you should know
the consequences of what you've done I I
do think you should know that my wife
and I are getting divorced soon what
happened between mrs. Robinson me was
nothing it didn't mean anything
well that's not saying much for my wife
point is I don't love your wife I love
your daughter sir
[Music]
are you coming to Scarborough Fair I
want to ask you a question and then I'm
going from them no I want to know why
you're here in Brooklyn is it because
I'm here well look I love you
parsley sage rosemary and
[Music]
why don't you just drag me off you want
to marry me so much you can't stop me
from seeing her mrs. Robinson I'll find
her sorry we won't be able to invite you
to the wedding Benjamin but the
arrangements have been so rushed
[Music]
[Applause]
this car
parsley sage rosemary
[Applause]
[Music]
she once was a true love